1. Permission from the authors.
   S: If you think, that it is more proper to ask for the permission
   beforehand, I agree.
   Shall we then, after completing the translation, ask for the
   approval/comments?

   Resolution:
      Contact the author, obtain permission;
      translate;
      ask the author for the final approvement, comments, additions;

2. To git or not to git?
   I am open to other file sharing platforms. In my experience though
   a. Resolving conflicting edits becomes hard.
   b. Reverting the edits is difficult.
   d. It is not clear, who did what.
   c. I often work offline.
   If there is a solution addressing these concerns, I am open to it.

   In any case, it would be good to set some project structure, so
   that it is clear, where is what.

   Resolution:
      To git.

3. Task sharing.
   From my point of view, each translator should be completely
   responsible for an article, including
   a. communication with the author,
   b. translation,
   c. typesetting,
   d. commenting,
   e. pictures,
   f. communication with one/both of the editors (Sergei+)
      and addressing his or their concerns.

   If we do it in a pipeline, as Christopher suggests, it will slow
   the process enormously. We all work at our own pace (e.g. I work on
   this instead of a morning newspaper ~1h/day, but may skip a week
   or two) and this will create multiple bottlenecks in the pipeline.

   But, of course, we may seek advice from each other, e.g. about
   tricky French from Christopher. I have decent knowledge of LaTeX or
   git, and many mathematical subjects (in the geometry direction), so
   may provide advice, if necessary.

   Resolution:
      Work autonomously, collaborate when necessary.

4. Style uniformization. Create LaTeX template?

   S: Some conventions would be good, but we may leave some space for
      individuality. For example, I feel different about fotnootes,
      then Christopher, and we may style our translations differently
      in this respect. Perhaps we should create some short, not too
      strict, guidelines.

   Resolution:

5. List translator, editor? How, where?
   S: Since I add comments of my own, the authorship should be noted
      somewhere, so they are not blamed on the author.
      I like the way Olga did in her translation.
      Another possibility would be a footnote at the title,
      "translation of the orininal article available at..., by..."
      or something of the sort.

   Resolution:
   
6. Should links to French websites be replaced by links to Google
   translated pages.
   S: I am mildly in favor of leaving links as is. Also, no need to
      overuniformize here. Let's ask Editors (Sergei+)

   Resolution:
   

7. How the work will be copyrighted? How are IdM articles copyrighted?
   Will translations inherit (c) from IdM? If we are free to choose
   our own (c), then I suggest CCL (like wikipedia).

   Resolution:

8. Do we collaborate with IdM on translations?
   S: It seems we target slightly different audiences. Ours is more
      advanced, e.g. math students, vs theirs general public.
      In any case, if we do, we should delegate communiation to one of
      the France residents.
      
   Resolution:

9. French sources. html, tex, pdf.

   S: For me it is absolutely irrelevant. I do my own
      typesetting/formatting, and translate par by par, because I want
      to look at the ai-results carefully, change the wording, see
      if the par is relevant for our purposes, see if additional
      comments are necessary, etc.
      
   Resolution:


Please add anything on your mind.
